Link to completed codepen: https://codepen.io/annegolladay/pen/LYbXyRG?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 

Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML that gives meaning or context to our code. We use it for accessibility purposes!

    2. What is HTML used for? It's used for the structure of our websites.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is used to include information in an element that we don't want to render on the page. It goes in the beginning of the element in the opening tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It is used for important headers on the page. You can use up to 6, 6 being the least important.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The image tag (img) uses the source (src) attribute pointing to the address of the image displayed. The anchor element (a) has the href attribute to tell the browser where to point to. 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The head element needs to have a title and is required.

    7. What is an id? It is a unique ID and title for a single element and also points to a very specific style.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? You can have 1 element to a single id and be used with any html element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?  It can only be attached to the single element but any number of times on the page.

    10. What is a class? The HTML class attribute specifies one or more class names for an element. It's used to select and access specific elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any elements can be used. Multiple elements can belong to more than one class. Different elements can point to the same class name. 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? Any  number of times.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?  target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? It specifies alternate text for the image.

    15. How do I reference an id? html: id='' CSS: id=#

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section created sections in a webpage and div is a container specific to a division or section. The section is not a generic container. Div is more for styling purposes instead of scripting.

    17. What is CSS used for? Cascading Style Sheet is for presentation of the page like colors, layout, and fonts.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Id selector can select a specific element. You can use #

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Class refers to multiple elements and id is one specific element. Use class to refer to every paragraph for size if you want. Use Id for size just for header.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? class=.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? Selects all elements that are direct child of the specified element. It's a descendant and helpful to nest child under parent and to see the descendants.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div:link, .sidebar {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector? a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected elements

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height specifies height of line

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?  letter-spacing increases or decreases between characters

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? 
    uppercase

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
            border: 1px dotted black
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
     *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */ comment syntax

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm (filename), so you don't accidentally delete without meaning to

    34. Why should I use version control? so that multiple people can work on 1 project and each edits their own.

    35. How often should I commit to github? very often or at least every 20 minutes

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin 'file name'

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
     1- fork 2- my name in fron of repo name 3- clone 4- use cd command to go to where you want your clone forked to 5- git clone <link-to-repo> 6- cd <repo-name> 7- git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' 8- git add . 9- git commit -m "Your helpful commit message here" 10-git commit -m "Your helpful commit message here"  11. Submit a PR (Pull Request)


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? An inline element does not start on a new line and only takes up as much width as necessary. A block-level element always starts on a new line and takes up the full width available (stretches out to the left and right as far as it can).

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? An absolutely positioned element is an element whose computed position value is absolute or fixed. The top , right , bottom , and left properties specify offsets from the edges of the element's containing block.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
